Privacy Policy
==============

Last updated: October 31, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.


Interpretation and Definitions
==============================

Interpretation
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
-----------

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

*   **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Antidote - Tox Client
    
*   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Antidote - Tox Client.
    
*   **Country** refers to: Greece
    
*   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    
*   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    
*   **Service** refers to the Application.
    
*   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    
*   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    
*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
=======================================

Types of Data Collected
-----------------------

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We will never ask you to provide Us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.


Changes to this Privacy Policy
==============================

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
==========

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By visiting this page on our website: [https://github.com/Zoxcore/Antidote/](https://github.com/Zoxcore/Antidote/)
